In this video, I'm going to walk you
through some core best practices with
LinkedIn ads that I recommend that you
implement that has worked for me and my
clients. Uh, so just for context, if
you're new to the channel, uh, I'm the
founder of Ad Conversion. 5,000 plus B2B
marketers take our courses on LinkedIn,
Google, and other topics. In addition to
that, I also run an ad agency that
manages $3 million a month in ad spend
for B2B SAS brands. And LinkedIn is
absolutely one of the biggest channels
we invest in in the B2B space. So, in
this video, I want to walk you through
some best practices, how to think about
LinkedIn ads, what not to do, what to
do, so ultimately you can come out on
the other side, creating positive
associations, building brand affinity
and trust, and driving more direct
response. So, let's start off with the
basics. And I've got a slide deck here I
want to walk you through. So, this is
what LinkedIn ads retargeting looks like
for most people, unfortunately. Uh, so
your prospect, your target audience here
is uh Captain Jack Sparrow. And like
you've got like all these different
platforms. you're basically just chasing
them across LinkedIn, YouTube, Google,
Meta, like this really, you know, the
problem isn't just LinkedIn. It really
like is exponential across platforms,
but basically, you're just following the
same person again and again. And you're
just asking them to buy your stuff. And
this is 100% what we don't want to do
and is the opposite of a best practice.
This is a worse practice. So, with that
being said, uh you know, you're going to
damage your brand, you're going to lose
goodwill, and ultimately you're just
going to piss some people off. So, you
want to avoid just sending out the same
offer again and again, not refreshing
your ads. It's it's like the opposite of
what we're going to do. So, taking that
premise, uh what we want to make sure
we're doing is we want to move people
through a journey as best as we can
because ultimately we never know where
we where people are in terms of their
buyer's journey. But to the best of our
ability, we want to construct an
ecosystem or as I like to think about
it, a newsletter that people can consume
content, they can get offers, and you
can continue to build positive
associations and goodwill. So, if I've
got you hooked and that sounds good to
you, this is what it looks like in more
detail. So, the first thing you're going
to do is you want to choose your
channels. So for the sake of this video,
we are talking about LinkedIn ads. But
just know that this can become scaled
like you can scale this process across
other platforms. And if you really want
to maximize your remarketing
performance, I recommend that you always
have a minimum of two to three channels
that you're actively retargeting on. And
the reason why is you want to create
omniresence. Meaning you are everywhere.
I just saw you on LinkedIn. I go to
Instagram. I see you. I'm on X. I see
you. and you're creating this experience
where in the mind of the prospect, they
think you're spending hundreds of
thousands of dollars a month. And in the
reality is is you're spending like a
$100 a day, but you're just going after
a very specific group of people. But in
their mind, you're huge. You're massive.
Uh and basically what you're doing is
you're like manufacturing celebrity,
meaning you're becoming famous to a very
explicit group of people. And when you
start to add additional channels into
your ecosystem, then you really start to
scale the omniresence and the potency of
remarketing. Uh but absolutely you can
start with one channel and then expand
to two to three others. So once you've
done that, uh I really just want to
emphasize the point of you want to think
big fish, small pond. So again, your
buyer thinks that you are everywhere and
in reality you've just got like this
super tiny audience, you know, spending
20 to 30 bucks a day. So moving on, the
second thing you want to do is you want
to create all of your retargeting
segments. I think a common worst
practice that I see from clients and
just like our students in AC conversion
is they only rely on a single segment
and the single time frame. Meaning
they're just relying on people that
visited their website and that's it. And
the real value and power of LinkedIn ads
is when you can leverage uh LinkedIn's
firmographic targeting options in
addition to your first-party data.
Meaning like in plain I've got a list of
website visitors that I've got from my
pixel. But then I can also layer on top
of that job functions, seniorities,
skills, etc. So now I can filter down
this remarketing audience even further.
So for context for everyone listening
like when you come here into LinkedIn
ads each one of these options is a
segment that you could retarget by. So
for context I could retarget people that
visited my company page. I can retarget
people that have uh you know been to my
website, people that interact with my
conversation ads, my document ads,
watched videos. All of these are
different segments and you don't want to
make the mistake of just relying on one
individual segment. You want to group as
many segments as you can together so you
can create a total larger audience size.
And now you have the ability to layer in
additional LinkedIn from criteria like
job function, like seniority uh or
company size or whatever that might be
for your individual uh ideal customer
profile that you're going after. So with
that being said, like what this is like
a good place that if you guys want to
take a snapshot of this, it's worth it.
But basically, you can see I've got all
of these different segments here. And
what I'm doing if I have the size of my
pixel is mature, I'm not just creating
all these different segments, but I'm
also taking it a step further and I'm
segmenting it by time frame. So I've got
my 30-day cohort, my 90-day cohort, and
my 180day cohort. So for LinkedIn,
that's all website visitors, all company
page visitors, all document
interactions, all past event attendees,
etc. within a 30-day time frame and then
a 90-day time frame and then a 180day
time frame. It does take upfront work to
create all these segments. But what this
is going to allow you to do is now you
can create an experience to the best of
your ability and show different types of
content against the recency of the time
frame that they're a part of. And it's
really cool too because from the
prospect's
perspective, they're not seeing this,
but you're like orchestrating this
journey for them, which is really cool.
So this is the second step is you want
to create all retargeting segments.
Don't just rely on one segment. And
again, you want to combine those
multiple segments together by time frame
so that you're scaling that remarketing
audience size. And now you have the
ability to layer in additional filters
to improve your
quality. This would not be possible if
you only relied on website visitors. So
I can't stress this enough. Like don't
make that mistake. Okay. Number three,
step three is you want to create all
exclusions by time frame. Equally
important to who you target is who you
exclude. uh to use like a Google ads
analogy here. Um positive keywords give
you focus, negative keywords or positive
keywords give you visibility, negative
keywords give you focus. The same is
true with LinkedIn ads. Uh your
targeting audience gives you visibility,
your excluded audience gives you focus.
So you really want to make sure you're
creating exclusions by time frame so you
can move users through your cohorts and
then showcase those relevant offers with
exclusions. So for context, like you
want to make sure you're excluding all
thank you page visitors, you're
excluding all lead genen form submits,
all existing customers, all competitors,
all partners, uh poor fit titles or job
functions, irrelevant company sizes. All
these things are things that you should
not be showing in your retargeting
audiences, right? Like these are people
that are not a good fit and we want to
make sure that they don't get our ads.
Uh just to kind of drill into this a
little bit more as well is if you are
creating these different cohorts of
time. So you've got 30, 90, 180. I also
recommend that you exclude all of your
um for example, I'll exclude all of your
90-day remarketing segments from your
30-day campaigns and then all of your
90-day segments from your 180day
campaigns. So that way your 30-day
segments are truly just focused on the
30 and you're excluding the other ones
to prevent overlap. And then once that
they actually enter the 90, they're
excluded from the 180. So you really
focus in on those people based on the
recency. And because you're setting up
those exclusions, it's really nice, too,
because now the user is dynamically
moving across the different cohorts. And
this is all happening once you set this
up once. So it does take some upfront
work, but it's worth doing. Um, and if
you don't have a large enough
remarketing audience segment, like I
mentioned, like just focus on the 90-day
time frame. So if you can't you can't do
30 90 180 just focus on 90 and then
implement the rest of the stuff that I'm
going to talk about. Okay. The next
thing is you want to make sure you split
your remarketing budget in half in terms
of a best practice that I recommend and
that I've seen work. Uh so basically
what we want to do is we want to avoid
creating that negative experience where
you're just chasing people around the
internet saying buy my stuff. Uh and one
very simple way to do that and like a
best practice to implement is just split
your remarketing budget in half. So 50%
of the time you're going to show
valuable content and then 50% of the
time you're going to actually present an
offer. And what this will do is it will
allow you to give value half the time
and then actually like ask for something
half the time. So at least half the time
you're creating a positive experience.
People are learning from you. They're
getting, you know, ideally building more
brand affinity and trust. And then half
the time you're actually asking them to
convert.
So for your 30 to 90day audiences, I
really recommend that you focus
specifically on product marketing and
social proof content. So product
marketing content, this would be ideally
in that 30 to 90day time frame. And this
is content that focuses on promoting the
capabilities of your product. A big
mistake I see people make with
remarketing is they spend so much money
promoting educational content, thought
leadership content, and people love your
content, but they have no idea what you
do as a business and the problems you
solve and how it helps them. And this is
where product marketing content is great
because if somebody just came, you know,
found your brand some way, shape, or
form, and now they're in your 30-day
cluster, 30 to 90day cluster, you really
want to make sure that they understand
the problems you solve as a business,
and you're really educating them on your
differentiated value. So, that's why we
really focus on product marketing
content first in this first cohort of
time. And this is an example of like uh
what an ad would look like from Opio
where they're promoting a specific
feature that they have the engramer and
then they're also showing like a video
demonstration walking through their
platform. These are all examples of
product marketing content. The next one
is social proof content. This is also
really good to put in your 30 and 90day
time frames. Social proof content is
content that promotes your product
through other people's words and
results. So, you're borrowing
credibility through the experiences of
others. Uh, this is a really good
example from one of our clients, Mix
Panel, where we're using a video
testimonial and then we're also using
quotes as well. So, now what we're doing
is not only are we educating people on
the problems we solve and the product
and the differentiation of our value,
but now we're also reinforcing our
claims through the experiences and the
words of others. Very powerful
combination when you put these two
things together in the 30 to 90day time
frame. The next thing is for your 90 to
180 180day audiences, you're going to
now want to start to add in thought
leadership content. So now that like we
are rock solid, we know that they
understand the differentiated value we
bring and they understand that we're
great from the experiences of others.
Now we want to demonstrate more thought
leadership content and show them our
authority and expertise in the industry
that we operate in. So now this is where
thought leadership content can really
come in to educate content or educate
your target audience and really position
yourself as the expert. So for context
like uh one of our clients Active
Campaign, this is an example. So they've
got uh a video clip from a webinar with
Ren Fishkin and then they've got another
one from Kyle Pyer and they're just
promoting educational content and feed
and trying to create like more
positioning for them as experts in their
domain. So with the other 50% of your
budget, you're going to present offers.
So we just covered the the content side
of the business. Now it's the offer side
in terms of remarketing. This could be
demo requests, free trials, really
anything where you want to take the user
to the next step in terms of their
purchasing journey. So this will
obviously always vary depending on you.
So some businesses that's demos, other
it's trials, others it's free
consultations, etc. But you want to move
the person further. So like now with
this simple split, you're educating half
the time you're giving content,
providing value, and then the other half
you're driving a direct response. So I
hope this is super clear and like these
best uh practices are are really like
fundamentally sticking in. The last one
I want to mention here in terms of a
best practice is retargeting based on
action and not assumption. One of the
biggest mistakes that I see even
advanced LinkedIn advertisers making is
they create like these insane workflows
where they're like, "Person must watch
25% of this video. Once they watch 25%
of this video, then I'm going to show
them this ad. Once they see this ad,
then they're going to see this ad." And
it's like this crazy Rubik's cube, you
know, flowchart. Uh, and it's just it's
nice in theory, but in practice, in my
experience with my clients, it's not
actually beneficial. It just causes more
effort with not a good return on that
effort. So, for the fifth and final
point here, I really want you to get in
the habit of retargeting based on action
and not assumption. So, now once a user
decides to click on one of your offer
ads, for example, a demo request,
they've expressed a level of interest,
right? like you didn't force them to
click on that demo request ad. They
chose to. And like kind of tying the
analogy of the newsletter, we're showing
them half the time content, half the
time offers. And we're just in front of
them, you know, giving them this
experience and showing them this
different content, allowing them to
decide what they want to interact with.
No one put a gun to their head. No one
forced them to click on a specific ad.
They chose to do that. So now when they
choose to click on your offer ads in the
case of a demo, now what we can do is we
can create a new campaign, a segmented
campaign that is just focusing on
retargeting people that have expressed
more high intent interest and we're
trying to get them to convert. So I like
to think of these campaigns as abandoned
cart campaigns or offer bouncer
campaigns. So for context, here's an
example from Beehive. So, people that
interact with Beehive, they go to their
pricing page or they go to their demo
page, they visit these high intent
pages, they've created a spin-off
campaign where now they're retargeting
people that have specifically expressed
interest and they're trying to get them
to convert. So, you can see here in the
copy, it says on the fence about
Beehive. You would not be able to
address your audience in that way if you
didn't know they were checking you out
in the first place. So this is now where
we can start to retarget based on action
and not just assumption. So I hope this
was helpful. If you guys have any
questions, feel free to let me know in
the comments down below. If you want to
go deeper on LinkedIn ads uh in ad
conversion, if you're not familiar, we
provide free courses taught by the best
practitioners on B2B advertising. And
we've got three awesome LinkedIn ads
courses. So our LinkedIn ads 101 course
will give you the fundamentals to get
your first campaign launched. Our 102
course will teach you how to optimize
them now once they're live. And then our
103 course will teach you how to take it
to the next level and scale. And they're
all taught by Yonberg, which is awesome.
Uh, and he's got a wealth of knowledge
and experience on LinkedIn ads. So,
thanks so much for watching, guys. If
you can subscribe to the channel if
you're not already, that would be great.
And, uh, if you want more content on
LinkedIn, check out this video we have
linked for you here. and I'll see you in
the next one.